README.md, before:

<p align="left">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="resources/hello_friend_dark.svg">
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="resources/hellofriend.svg">
      <img alt="Flickering" src="resources/hellofriend.svg" width="600" height="200" style="max-width: 100%;">
    </picture>
</p>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="resources/pegasus.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="resources/pegasus_light.svg">
  <img align="left" alt="Pegasus" src="resources/pegasus_light.svg" width="100" height="100" style="max-width: 100%;">
</picture>

### whoami

I'm **Aadish**, A passionate low level learner and a wannabe security researcher. I love networks. Interested in building any opensource software

---
## 🛠️ Top Skills

- **Languages:** Python, Rust, C, Go  
- **Web:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Next.js, React, Node.js

## 🚀 Featured Projects

- [**ass_parser**](https://github.com/Aavtic/ass_parser): Parser for Advanced SubStation Alpha (.ass) subtitle files
- [**coapi.rs**](https://github.com/Aavtic/coapi.rs): Web app to practice algorithmic logic (like LeetCode)
- [**gitcloner**](https://github.com/Aavtic/gitcloner): Python module to clone GitHub repositories, including private repos & branches


![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aavtic&layout=compact&langs_count=10&theme=transparent)
![Aavtic's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Aavtic&show_icons=true&theme=transparent)

## 📫 Contact

- **Email:** [aadishmkerala@gmail.com](mailto:aadishmkerala@gmail.com)
- **Website:** [aavtic.dev](https://aavtic.dev)
- **LinkedIn:** [aadish-m](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aadish-m)
- **GitLab:** [Aavtic](https://gitlab.com/aavtic)
- **Bluesky:** [aavtic.bsky.social](https://aavtic.bsky.social/)
- **X:** [Aavtic](https://x.com/aavtic)

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>Building with curiosity &amp; care. Let’s connect!</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

Update README with new projects and details

README.md, after:

<p align="left">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="resources/hello_friend_dark.svg">
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="resources/hellofriend.svg">
      <img alt="Flickering" src="resources/hellofriend.svg" width="600" height="200" style="max-width: 100%;">
    </picture>
</p>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="resources/pegasus.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="resources/pegasus_light.svg">
  <img align="left" alt="Pegasus" src="resources/pegasus_light.svg" width="100" height="100" style="max-width: 100%;">
</picture>

### whoami

I'm **Aadish**, A passionate low level learner and a wannabe security researcher. I love networks. Interested in building any opensource software

---
## 🛠️ Top Skills

- **Languages:** Python, Rust, C, Go  
- **Web:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Next.js, React, Node.js

## 🚀 Featured Projects

- [**ass_parser**](https://github.com/Aavtic/ass_parser): Parser for Advanced SubStation Alpha (.ass) subtitle files
- [**coapi.rs**](https://github.com/Aavtic/coapi.rs): Web app to practice algorithmic logic (like LeetCode)
- [**broler**](https://github.com/Aavtic/broler): A Web crawler to find broken links *(recursively)* in a website
- [**fops**](https://github.com/Aavtic/fops): A modern remake of **coapi.rs** with more features! 
- [**gitcloner**](https://github.com/Aavtic/gitcloner): Python module to clone GitHub repositories, including private repos & branches


![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aavtic&layout=compact&langs_count=10&theme=transparent)
![Aavtic's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Aavtic&show_icons=true&theme=transparent)

## 📫 Contact

- **Email:** [aadishmkerala@gmail.com](mailto:aadishmkerala@gmail.com)
- **Website:** [aavtic.dev](https://aavtic.dev)
- **LinkedIn:** [aadish-m](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aadish-m)
- **GitLab:** [Aavtic](https://gitlab.com/aavtic)
- **Bluesky:** [aavtic.bsky.social](https://aavtic.bsky.social/)
- **X:** [Aavtic](https://x.com/aavtic)

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>Building with curiosity &amp; care. Let’s connect!</sub>
</div>
